added documentation to clearing dataloader cache (#310)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/graphql/dataloaders-and-cache-invalidation.md

If the product `PANT-01` was an upsell of all other products in the `pants` category, the inventory API would be requested again when resolving the `upsells.qty` field. Query-level caching prevents those extra-calls, by reusing the response from `products.qty` that has already been fetched previously to resolve data.

> ### Clearing the cache

Reviewer: **nitpick(non-blocking):** the use case here is to do it manually from the remote platform, it is not clear from the title

```suggestion
### Manually clearing the cache
```

> Clearing the cache depends on which magento is used. For Magento1 please refer to [Magento 1 advanced section](/docs/magento1/advanced.html#Clearing-Front-Commerce-cache), and for Magento2 please refer to [Magento 2 advanced section](/docs/magento2/advanced.html#Clearing-Front-Commerce-cache)

Reviewer: **nitpick:** it would be something that each platform might end up having and the sentence is a tad specific I think

**suggestion:** use a list for the related pages

```suggestion
Clearing the cache manually is possible on some of the supported platforms. Read dedicated pages for details:
- [Magento 1](/docs/magento1/advanced.html#Clearing-Front-Commerce-cache)
- [Magento 2](/docs/magento2/advanced.html#Clearing-Front-Commerce-cache)
```
